I welcome to the first content module in this course on year 6 and this Marchal I want to have a look
at the most important syntax changes and additions iOS 6 broad and there are quite a lot of them.
So let's dive right into it.
So I'm inside chase been here to type my typescript code here on the left and then see it see the output
in the console right here on the right.
And the thing I want to start with is Latt and Konst celebs and cons are new keywords added by year
6 and they allow us to change the way we work with variables or like the named constant plys use constants
.
So before I come to the question of why we need that.
Let me first show you how it works.
Imagine we have the variable name and in the past would have said name equals max for example and thus
will still work if I print is name to the console.
We'll of course see Max.
So Lars still exists with your sex.
And of course there will always be the case since we need it for backward compatibility.
However iOS 6 also offers a different way to treat a variable we can use lat.
Now with that what do you think will happen if I hit run.
We still see Max.
So it seems like it's doing the exact same thing just different syntax right.
So why would we use LET instead of water.
Well if you maybe you remember my Chalis mood can cause or are in general familiar with javascript.
You'll probably know that we have the global scope and the function scope or local scope but javascript
doesn't really have any block scoping blocks scoping of course refers to the fact that a variable is
contained between quali braces like in an if statement for example.
So in the past if we had something like this if true.
And then between the curly braces so in the body of the statement we would have a variable name named
name which would be max and if we had run this would work.
Now with all that this variable is now contained inside this block.
So what do you think will happen.
If I had run now
I'm referring to the name off my a window object and it becomes so much clearer if I use a number name
like age for example.
So if I now print out h.
Well it can get an error that age is not defined.
So let allows us to use block scoping which means contain the variable in the body like here and the
truth in the statement where it is defined.
So if I define it outside of their chool Let's say I also have h a third here.
What do you think will now happen if I ever had run.
Well now a C for t.
Because again the part inside your statement inside this block.
That's why it's called block scoping isn't Tatchell it's an accessible outside of the statement.
Therefore if I lock the H inside of this if statement.
Of course C 27 and 30 sulfurous Prince 27 inside your statement and then 30 outside of it.
And that is why Latt is really useful and powerful.
It allows us to finally use block scoping in charmless to which of course is an important addition.
Clearing many of the confusions that might differ isn't if you used variables in let's say for loops
and you were able to access them from outside or even the value might have changed inside of that due
to some external value being sad or anything like that.
With that you can make sure that the variables you use inside of a block stays inside of that block
and isn't touched from outside in this next and accessible outside of it.
So that is why lathis really powerful.
No why wasn't the largest.
Changed to work like this.
Well of course for backward compatibility reasons.
If you would change you want to behave like this you would pretty sure render a lot of code useless
because Vohra was used in a different way.
Therefore it's important to have this new keyboard locked so that was a lot of talking about lap.
But it's really coord to understand how lead differs from war that we are able to block skill with it
and that deaded otherwise behaves like Varn.
It's a variable.
We may change it.
We may reassign age here to 29 and if I now run we see twenty nine so we can use it like a variable
.
The important difference is the block scope